I don't think your lifestyle will change much if you're in the navy, basically
speaking the navy is not Big Brother it doesn't get in everything
you do if you're on board a ship or with a small group of people
in a small unit, you must learn to get along with everybody and
adopt the mores of group you don't want to be the odd man out all the
time. So to some degree you may learn to curb your tongue a little
if you're on board but that's true and academic life as well. There
are political stances that most academics take that not everybody at
the table takes, but one learns to keep your own counsel and and get
along so lifestyle changes you need to make in both academia and
the navy are modest compared to what you might think they would be.